Update name to Mesmer (#33)
vanvalenlab/intro-to-deepcell: README.md

* Introduction to `deepcell-tf`
* Training a model in Google Colab

> ## Publications
> The following are a list publications which make use of the DeepCell ecosystem, as well as the specific resources relevant for each paper.
> 
> ### [Greenwald, Miller et al. Accurate whole-cell segmentation in multiplexed images of tissues with large-scale data annotation and deep learning]()
> * The TissueNet dataset will be released through [deepcell.datasets](https://datasets.deepcell.org) at the time of publication.
> * The Mesmer pipeline can be run from deepcell.org or via ImageJ/QuPath plugins by reading our documentation on [running pretrained models in the cloud](./pretrained_models#running-pre-trained-models-in-the-cloud)
> * The Mesmer pipeline can be run locally via a jupyter notebook as shown in this [example notebook](https://github.com/vanvalenlab/deepcell-tf/blob/master/notebooks/applications/Mesmer-Application.ipynb), or from the command line using our [application Docker](https://github.com/vanvalenlab/deepcell-applications/blob/master/README.md)
> * The ark-analysis multiplexed image analysis pipeline is at [this github link](https://github.com/angelolab/ark-analysis)
> * All code for model training and figure generation for the paper can be found in our [publication figures repo](https://github.com/vanvalenlab/publication-figures/tree/master/2021-Greenwald_Miller_et_al-Mesmer)
> 
> ### [Bannon et al. DeepCell Kiosk: scaling deep learning–enabled cellular image analysis with Kubernetes](https://doi.org/10.1038/s41592-020-01023-0)
> * The DeepCell Kiosk can be downloaded from the [github repo](https://github.com/vanvalenlab/kiosk-console) and additional documentation is hosted on [Read the Docs](https://deepcell-kiosk.readthedocs.io/en/master/GETTING_STARTED.html).
> * A persistent deployment of the Kiosk is hosted at [https://deepcell.org/](https://deepcell.org/).
> * The code used to generate figures from the paper is available in our [publication figure repo](https://github.com/vanvalenlab/publication-figures/tree/mesmer_update/2020-Bannon_et_al-Kiosk).
> 

Reviewer: Whitespace and suggestion for rewording the header description

```suggestion
## Publications

Each of the following publications makes use of the DeepCell ecosystem, as well as the specific resources relevant for each paper.

### [Greenwald, Miller et al. Accurate whole-cell segmentation in multiplexed images of tissues with large-scale data annotation and deep learning]()

* The TissueNet dataset will be released through [deepcell.datasets](https://datasets.deepcell.org) at the time of publication.
* The Mesmer pipeline can be run from deepcell.org or via ImageJ/QuPath plugins by reading our documentation on [running pretrained models in the cloud](./pretrained_models#running-pre-trained-models-in-the-cloud)
* The Mesmer pipeline can be run locally via a jupyter notebook as shown in this [example notebook](https://github.com/vanvalenlab/deepcell-tf/blob/master/notebooks/applications/Mesmer-Application.ipynb), or from the command line using our [application Docker](https://github.com/vanvalenlab/deepcell-applications/blob/master/README.md)
* The ark-analysis multiplexed image analysis pipeline is at [this github link](https://github.com/angelolab/ark-analysis)
* All code for model training and figure generation for the paper can be found in our [publication figures repo](https://github.com/vanvalenlab/publication-figures/tree/master/2021-Greenwald_Miller_et_al-Mesmer)

### [Bannon et al. DeepCell Kiosk: scaling deep learning–enabled cellular image analysis with Kubernetes](https://doi.org/10.1038/s41592-020-01023-0)

* The DeepCell Kiosk can be downloaded from the [github repo](https://github.com/vanvalenlab/kiosk-console) and additional documentation is hosted on [Read the Docs](https://deepcell-kiosk.readthedocs.io/en/master/GETTING_STARTED.html).
* A persistent deployment of the Kiosk is hosted at [https://deepcell.org/](https://deepcell.org/).
* The code used to generate figures from the paper is available in our [publication figure repo](https://github.com/vanvalenlab/publication-figures/tree/mesmer_update/2020-Bannon_et_al-Kiosk).

```

* Introduction to `deepcell-tf`
* Training a model in Google Colab

## Publications

> Each of the following publications makes use of the DeepCell ecosystem, as well as the specific resources relevant for each paper.

Reviewer 2: Eventually, we should separate publications that establish pieces of the DeepCell ecosystem vs plug ins/makes use of the ecosystem. For example, ark-analysis uses the DeepCell but the Kiosk is part of DeepCell. So, for now, I think this would be better written: "To learn more about the various systems and software that comprise DeepCell, please refer to the publications below. Relevant links are highlighted below each publication."

> To learn more about the various systems and software that comprise DeepCell, please refer to the publications below. Relevant links are highlighted below each publication

Reviewer 2: Period after "publication" to end sentence.

> 

Reviewer 2: Let's drop all the periods from bullet points. Right now we have a mix, which is bad, and generally no periods is best convention.

Author: 👍

> ### [Greenwald, Miller et al. Accurate whole-cell segmentation in multiplexed images of tissues with large-scale data annotation and deep learning]()

Reviewer 2: This font is way too big. The way it's formatted dominates the page.
